my name is newly laid cable at the WM am responsible for the
Development of the complete overview alone
like the remote control
and I want to know you today
nine products this year are the first
completely new
Preller drinking glass
in the single 10 scale
we have more dial up competition
for beginners affordable prices
developed
so that one
a beginner
his car
and with this the car can develop with its capabilities
as I said the car is
Scale 1 17
one of Good Bye Bye as you can see
a few features to mention these are maybe in this one too
Price category very unusual the front of the driveway
both customers
with a screwdriver
of the author
as in the small slipper
either
always perfect in propulsion provides as rebellious
the whole thing is a cardan drive
as we consider this as the efficient driving technology for
look at 4 area
16 plastic bag stabilizers front back I think also very unusual
Furthermore, many different settings are the prohibition the
Future who left position
any track conditions
be adjusted
the rtr seduction
provides
around
because for beginners
total package
the Wedding Bela b Station b Digital Advertising
Heinemann
Lutz Motor calls 5 40 larger
and fine
1600 was
Of course this can be done
the development of one's own driving skills
be successively and gradually replaced
around the car with its diverse has
around the car
guided Fight for color variants the one here one sees blue-white
and that of elastic and busy
that will clear up
do not buy together when driving
the purchase then ran during development
for the tires
the turmoil
should be citizens for the competition area
bring excellent performance and for the beginning of the ARD
maximum liability
offer at the first driving tests
around and these tires are mounted on beautiful
seven spokes kick »
for one
OMV claims leadership
Other new products for this year are Dr
it crashes takes the rtr podcast 8 BM Ciudad Real
because it is also in the 1 8
in scale 1 8
based on our
the most successful
Burned versions
from the Best of Tapes and s8 Bates are now available
also as electric version
this has been allowed
existing know-how merged
alx leading manufacturer
in the bag of the technologies
successful automaker
we have now created a product what
either
the shutter drive which also already successfully used in the competition
was as on
our well-known design
Aichach seducer vehicles what they now perfect from the weight distribution
the electrical version has been adjusted
Features are natural
the SPD to the 8
and the way to the 8 engines
As I said both would be successfully used in the competitive field in
America and Europe are already big races
Falco last year as always
7 20 megahertz FM
Digital at the computer radio remote control
many settings
so for everyone
to be the right one
where the two cars are maybe already learned from the press
drivers are now off
available immediately
available with it
Also new to felt or evenings is the s 8 resp
in the dispute
at a strip should in this case
the value instead of the Wii u 20 megahertz FM to them control system
2 Thomas Lidy's heart recipient
so installed
NRW Sek 3 RX receiver
can then be used with m11x as well as with harvesting the troupe lessons
the Blade Warband etc 3 EQs
and Bell understandably with the LRP c3 is in the boat second time 4 gigahertz
destruction
the other features
while percent
exactly equal to the features percent of the program Neshat or rtr
but as I said with a second time 4 gigahertz receiver
so that one does not take any of the aforementioned cases
must be around this car
then directly
driven with ambiguous March
According to the already well-known Ehlert website Expo 2010 is back as
Remote control
Colors like yellow
a new era cheap mad
cheaper
but not less good
seven new 2 2 marked the destruction of the LRP ride 2 SGX pro
since then the DRS
as the name naturally says
there will be
the onslaught on the testing empty
a trouble-free second time less than ten hours
space
a fault by
op of the setting
impossible
the door from this remote control are of course again the function for
both channels
sorry for the clock
also for both channels
a normal confirmation
Of course, Blanco and that of our very small
and robust
three channel 2 2 times 4 gigahertz receiver
he has 2 the bread second frequent
every day she's perfect with these compounds
for remote control for beginners but also for advanced users
with a very appealing design
to always stop it